Adding documentation for WAN Federation with Vault as a secrets backend (#12802)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/k8s/installation/vault/wan-federation.mdx

    <CodeBlockConfig filename="vault-dc1.yaml" linenumbers>

    ```yaml
    server:
      dev:
        enabled: true
      service:
        enabled: true
        type: LoadBalancer
    ui:
      enabled: true
    ```
    </CodeBlockConfig>

    ```shell-session
    $ helm install vault-dc1 --values vault-dc1.yaml hashicorp/vault --wait
    ```

### Configuring your local environment

1. Set the VAULT_TOKEN with a default value.

    ```shell-session
    $ export VAULT_ADDR=root
    ```

1. Get the external IP or DNS name of the Vault server's load balancer.

    <Tabs>
      <Tab heading="EKS">
      On EKS, you can get the IP address of the Vault server's load balancer with the following command:

      ```shell-session
      $ export VAULT_SERVER_HOST=$(kubectl get svc vault-dc1 -o jsonpath='{.status.loadBalancer.ingress[0].hostname}')
      ```

      </Tab>

      <Tab heading="GKE">

      On GKE, you can get the IP address of the Vault server's load balancer with the following command:

      ```shell-session
      $ export VAULT_SERVER_HOST=$(kubectl get svc vault-dc1 -o jsonpath='{.status.loadBalancer.ingress[0].ip}')
      ```

      </Tab>

      <Tab heading="AKS">

>       On AKS, you can get the IP address of the Vault server' load balancer with the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      On AKS, you can get the IP address of the Vault server's load balancer with the following command:
```

    <CodeBlockConfig filename="vault-dc1.yaml" linenumbers lineNumbers highlight="7,8,9">

    ```yaml
    server:
      dev:
        enabled: true
      service:
        enabled: true
        type: LoadBalancer
    injector:
      enabled: true
      authPath: auth/kubernetes-dc1
    ui:
      enabled: true
    ```
    </CodeBlockConfig>

    ```shell-session
    $ helm upgrade vault-dc1 --values vault-dc1.yaml hashicorp/vault --wait
    ```

1. Configure the Kubernetes Auth Method in Vault for the primary datacenter (dc1).

    ```shell-session
    $ vault auth enable -path=kubernetes-dc1 kubernetes
    ```

    Because Consul is in the same datacenter cluster as Vault, the Vault Auth Method can use its own CA Cert and JWT to authenticate Consul dc1 service account requests.  Therefore, you do not need to set `token_reviewer` and `kubernetes_ca_cert` on the dc1 Kubernetes Auth Method.

1. Configure Auth Method with Kubernetes API host

    ```shell-session
    $ vault write auth/kubernetes-dc1/config kubernetes_host=https://kubernetes.default.svc
    ```

> 1. Enable Vault as the secrets backend in the primary datacenter (dc1).  However, you will not yet apply the Helm upgrade command.  You will issue the Helm upgrade command after the [Data Integration](/docs/k8s/installation/vault/wan-federation#setup-per-consul-datacenter-1) section.

Reviewer: @jmurret Should this be the Hem install command versus the Helm upgrade command? I was not sure when I made the suggestion.

---
layout: docs

> page_title: Federation Between Kubernetes Clusters with Vault as Secrets Backend

Author: I originally titled this WAN Federation and that is why it is that way in the docs as well as the file name of`wan-federation.mdx`.   I changed the title since this is essentially a sister document to the existing mesh fed page which is called `Federation Between Kubernetes Clusters`.

We should align on the following:
- page title
- side nav title
- file name / url

having those match as much as possible will help SEO scores.

## Differences Between Using Kubernetes Secrets vs. Vault
The [Federation Between Kubernetes Clusters](/docs/k8s/installation/multi-cluster/kubernetes) page provides an overview of WAN Federation using Mesh Gateways with Kubernetes secrets as the secret backend.  When using Vault as the secrets backend, there are different systems and data integration configuration that will be explained the [Usage](#usage) section of this page.  The other main difference is that when using Vault, there is no need for a [Federation Secret](docs/k8s/installation/multi-cluster/kubernetes#federation-secret).

When federating Consul Kubernetes clusters with Kubernetes secrets, the Federation Secret is used in the following workflow:
- [`global.federation.createFederationSecret`](/docs/k8s/helm#v-global-federation-createfederationsecret) in primary data center is set to true
- A Kubernetes secret called `<RELEASE-NAME>-federation` will be created in the primary datacenter. The federation secret's contents are outlined in [Federation Secret Contents](https://www.consul.io/docs/k8s/installation/multi-cluster/kubernetes#federation-secret-contents).

> - The federation secret is exported to a yaml file.

Reviewer 2: I think this section is to show the contrast between using Vault vs using native K8s secrets for WAN Fed. Without Vault, fed secrets (tls certs, replication tokens, etc) are in k8s secrets. For WAN Fed to work, you needed manually copy them over between clusters via an [export of a yaml file ](https://consul-eg3acb2bb-hashicorp.vercel.app/docs/k8s/installation/multi-cluster/kubernetes#federation-secret) from one K8s cluster, and applying it to the secondary cluster. With Vault, you just point the secondary Consul cluster to the required keys/secrets on Vault. No yaml file export needed.

> - The federation secret is exported to a yaml file.

Reviewer: I was wondering too if that was the intent @vanphan24. @jmurret can we make that a bit more obvious please.

> - The federation secret is exported to a yaml file.

Author: How do you envision this?  I have the following structure:
- paragraph 1 ends with the sentence `The other main difference is that when using Vault, there is no need for a [Federation Secret](/docs/k8s/installation/multi-cluster/kubernetes#federation-secret).`
- paragraph 2 describes what the Federation Secret does without vault (a reminder or overview with a link to the content)
- paragraph 3 elaborates on why this is not needed with Vault

What would be a more explicit way to make this obvious?

When federating Consul Kubernetes clusters with Vault secrets, each datacenter is configured to request the secrets from Vault directly.  So, there is no need for this process of exporting and importing a Federation Secret in each datacenter.

## Usage

The expected use case is to create WAN Federation on Kubernetes clusters. The following procedure will result in a WAN Federation with Vault as the secrets backend configuration between two clusters, dc1 and dc2. dc1 will act as the primary Consul cluster and will also contain the Vault server installation.  dc2 will be the seconday Consul cluster.

Please refer to the outline provided in the [Systems Integration](/docs/website/content/docs/k8s/installation/vault/systems-integration) and [Data Integration](/docs/website/content/docs/k8s/installation/vault/data-integration) sections of the [Vault as a Secrets Backend](/docs/website/content/docs/k8s/installation/vault) area of the Consul on Kubernetes documentation.

> 

Author: How is [this change](https://github.com/hashicorp/consul/pull/12802/commits/00657fdc169c52a6746e3454d5a2ee0102deaad8)?

- One time setup in Vault
  1. Enabling Vault KV Secrets Engine - Version 2.
  1. Enabling Vault PKI Engine.
- Setup per Consul datacenter
  1. Installing the Vault Injector within the Consul datacenter installation
  1. Configuring a Kubernetes Auth Method in Vault to authenticate and authorize operations from the Consul datacenter
  1. Enable Vault as the Secrets Backend in the Consul datacenter
### One time setup on Vault
1. Enable [Vault KV secrets engine - Version 2](https://www.vaultproject.io/docs/secrets/kv/kv-v2) in order to store the [Gossip Encryption Key](/docs/k8s/helm#v-global-acls-replicationtoken) and the ACL Replication token ([`global.acls.replicationToken`](/docs/k8s/helm#v-global-acls-replicationtoken)).

    ```shell-session
    $ vault secrets enable -path=consul kv-v2
    ```

1. Enable Vault PKI Engine in order to leverage Vault for issuing Consul Server TLS certificates.

    ```shell-session
    $ vault secrets enable pki
    ```

    ```shell-session
    $ vault secrets tune -max-lease-ttl=87600h pki
    ```

### Setup per Consul datacenter

> #### dc1 Datacenter

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
#### Primary Datacenter (dc1)
```

    
    -> In the primary datacenter (dc1), you will not have to configure `injector.externalvaultaddr` value because the Vault Server is in the same primary datacenter (dc1) cluster.

    <CodeBlockConfig filename="vault-dc1.yaml" linenumbers lineNumbers highlight="8,9,10">

    ```yaml
    # vault-dc1.yaml
    server:
      dev:
        enabled: true
      service:
        enabled: true
        type: LoadBalancer
    injector:
      enabled: true
      authPath: auth/kubernetes-dc1
    ui:
      enabled: true
    ```
    </CodeBlockConfig>

    ```shell-session
    $ helm upgrade vault-dc1 -f vault-dc1.yaml hashicorp/vault --wait
    ```

1. Configure the Kubernetes Auth Method in Vault for the primary datacenter (dc1).

    ```shell-session
    $ vault auth enable -path=kubernetes-dc1 kubernetes
    ```

    Since Consul is in the same datacenter cluster as Vault, the Vault Auth Method can use its own CA Cert and JWT to call authenticate Consul dc1 service account requests.  Therefore, you do not need to set `token_reviewer` and `kubernetes_ca_cert` on the dc1 Kubernetes Auth Method.

1. Configure Auth Method with Kubernetes API host

>     ```shell

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```shell-session
```

    $ vault write auth/kubernetes-dc1/config kubernetes_host=https://kubernetes.default.svc
    ```

> 1. Enable Vault as the secrets backend in the primary datacenter (dc1) to enable Vault as the Secrets backend.  However, you will not yet apply the Helm chart.  A complete chart for the primary datacenter (dc1) is applied at the end of the Data Integration section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Enable Vault as the secrets backend in the primary datacenter (dc1).  However, you will not yet apply the Helm upgrade command.  You will issue the Helm upgrade command after the [Data Integration](/docs/k8s/installation/vault/wan-federation#setup-per-consul-datacenter-1) section.
```
I removed the second part of the first sentence due to being redundant.

    <CodeBlockConfig filename="consul-dc1.yaml" linenumbers>

    ```yaml
    global:
      secretsBackend:
        vault:
          enabled: true
    ```

    </CodeBlockConfig>

####  Secondary Datacenter (dc2)

> 1. Install Vault Injector in the secondary datacenter (dc2).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Install the Vault Injector in the secondary datacenter (dc2).
```

>     -> In the secondary datacenter (dc2), you will have to configure `externalvaultaddr` value point to the external address of the Vault server in the primary datacenter (dc1).
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the secondary datacenter (dc2), you will configure the `externalvaultaddr` value point to the external address of the Vault server in the primary datacenter (dc1).
```

This doesn't have to be a callout. It fits with the context of the main text.

>     Change your Kubernetes current context to target the secondary datacenter (dc2):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Change your Kubernetes context to target the secondary datacenter (dc2):
```

    ```shell-session
    $ kubectl config use-context <context for dc2>
    ```

    <CodeBlockConfig filename="vault-dc2.yaml" linenumbers highlight="6,7">
    
    ```yaml

>     # vault-dc2.yaml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

    server:
      enabled: false
    injector:
      enabled: true
      externalVaultAddr: ${VAULT_ADDR}
      authPath: auth/kubernetes-dc2
    ```
    
    </CodeBlockConfig>

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, install Vault in the Kubernetes cluster.
```

    ```shell-session
    $ helm install vault-dc2 -f vault-dc2.yaml hashicorp/vault --wait
    ```

1. Configure the Kubernetes Auth Method in Vault for the datacenter

    ```shell-session
    $ vault auth enable -path=kubernetes-dc2 kubernetes
    ```

> 1. Create a service account with access to Kubenetes API in the secondary datacenter (dc2).  For the secondary datacenter (dc2) auth method, you first need to create a service account that allows Vault server in the primary datacenter (dc1) cluster to talk to the Kubernetes API in the secondary datacenter (dc2) cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a service account with access to the Kubenetes API in the secondary datacenter (dc2).  For the secondary datacenter (dc2) auth method, you first need to create a service account that allows the Vault server in the primary datacenter (dc1) cluster to talk to the Kubernetes API in the secondary datacenter (dc2) cluster.
```

    ```shell-session
    $ cat <<EOF >> auth-method-serviceaccount.yaml
    # auth-method.yaml
    apiVersion: rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1
    kind: ClusterRoleBinding
    metadata:
      name: vault-dc2-auth-method
    roleRef:
      apiGroup: rbac.authorization.k8s.io
      kind: ClusterRole
      name: system:auth-delegator
    subjects:
    - kind: ServiceAccount
      name: vault-dc2-auth-method
      namespace: default
    ---
    apiVersion: v1
    kind: ServiceAccount
    metadata:
      name: vault-dc2-auth-method
      namespace: default
    EOF
    ```

    ```shell-session

>     $ kubectl apply -f auth-method-serviceaccount.yaml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    $ kubectl apply --values auth-method-serviceaccount.yaml
```

    ```

1. Next, you will need to get the token and CA cert from that service account secret.

    ```shell-session

>     $ export K8S_DC2_CA_CERT="$(kubectl get secret `kubectl get serviceaccounts vault-dc2-auth-method -o jsonpath='{.secrets[0].name}'` -o jsonpath='{.data.ca\.crt}' | base64 -d)"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    $ export K8S_DC2_CA_CERT="$(kubectl get secret `kubectl get serviceaccounts vault-dc2-auth-method --output jsonpath='{.secrets[0].name}'` --output jsonpath='{.data.ca\.crt}' | base64 --decode)"
```

    ```

    ```shell-session

>     $ export K8S_DC2_JWT_TOKEN="$(kubectl get secret `kubectl get serviceaccounts vault-dc2-auth-method -o jsonpath='{.secrets[0].name}'` -o jsonpath='{.data.token}' | base64 -d)"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    $ export K8S_DC2_JWT_TOKEN="$(kubectl get secret `kubectl get serviceaccounts vault-dc2-auth-method --output jsonpath='{.secrets[0].name}'` --output jsonpath='{.data.token}' | base64 --decode)"
```

    ```

1. Configure Auth Method with JWT token of service account.  You will have to get the externally reachable address of the secondary datacenter (dc2) Consul Kubernetes cluster and set `kubernetes_host` within the Auth Method configuration. 

    ```shell-session

>     $ export KUBE_API_URL_DC2=$(kubectl config view -o jsonpath="{.clusters[?(@.name == \"$(kubectl config current-context)\")].cluster.server}")
>     ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    $ export KUBE_API_URL_DC2=$(kubectl config view --output jsonpath="{.clusters[?(@.name == \"$(kubectl config current-context)\")].cluster.server}")
    ```
```

    ```shell-session
    $ vault write auth/kubernetes-dc2/config \
      kubernetes_host="${KUBE_API_URL_DC2}" \
      token_reviewer_jwt="${K8S_DC2_JWT_TOKEN}" \
      kubernetes_ca_cert="${K8S_DC2_CA_CERT}"
    ```

> 1. Enable Vault as the secrets backend in the secondary datacenter (dc2) to enable Vault as the Secrets backend.  However, you will not yet apply the Helm chart.  A complete chart for the primary datacenter (dc1) is applied at the end of the Data Integration section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Enable Vault as the secrets backend in the secondary Consul datacenter (dc2).  However, you will not yet apply the Helm upgrade command.  You will issue the Helm upgrade command after the [Data Integration](/docs/k8s/installation/vault/wan-federation#setup-per-consul-datacenter-1) section.
```

    <CodeBlockConfig filename="values-dc2.yaml" linenumbers>

    ```yaml
    global:
      secretsBackend:
        vault:
          enabled: true
    ```

    </CodeBlockConfig> 

## Data Integration
### Overview

> To use Vault as the Service Mesh Certificate Provider on Kubernetes, please follow the process guidelines in the [Data Integration](/docs/k8s/installation/vault/data-integration) section:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use Vault as the Service Mesh Certificate Provider in Kubernetes, please follow the process guidelines in the [Data Integration](/docs/k8s/installation/vault/data-integration) section:
```

    ```shell-session
    $ vault policy write ca-policy - <<EOF
    path "pki/cert/ca" {
      capabilities = ["read"]
    }
    EOF
    ```

### Setup per Consul datacenter
#### Primary Datacenter (dc1)

1. Change your Kubernetes current context to target the primary datacenter (dc1):
    ```shell-session
    $ kubectl config use-context <context for dc1>
    ```

1. Create Server TLS and Service Mesh Cert Policies

    ```shell-session
    $ vault policy write consul-cert-dc1 - <<EOF
    path "pki/issue/consul-cert-dc1"
    {
      capabilities = ["create","update"]
    }
    EOF
    ```

    ```shell-session
    $ vault policy write connect-ca-dc1 - <<EOF
    path "/sys/mounts" {
      capabilities = [ "read" ]
    }
    path "/sys/mounts/connect_root" {
      capabilities = [ "create", "read", "update", "delete", "list" ]
    }
    path "/sys/mounts/dc1/connect_inter" {
      capabilities = [ "create", "read", "update", "delete", "list" ]
    }
    path "/connect_root/*" {
      capabilities = [ "create", "read", "update", "delete", "list" ]
    }
    path "/dc1/connect_inter/*" {
      capabilities = [ "create", "read", "update", "delete", "list" ]
    }
    EOF
    ```

> 1. Create Vault Kubernetes auth roles that link the policy to each Consul on Kubernetes service account that requires access.  For each auth method in Vault, you will need roles for Consul server, Consul client, the `server-acl-init` job, and Consul server CA.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create Vault Kubernetes auth roles that link the policy to each Consul on Kubernetes service account that requires access.  For each auth method in Vault, you will need roles for the Consul server, Consul client, the `server-acl-init` job, and Consul server CA.
```

We should also make this section into a list, as that is what was done for the other section down the document.

    ```

    </CodeBlockConfig>

    ```shell-session
    $ helm install consul-dc1 -f consul-dc1.yaml hashicorp/consul
    ```

#### Secondary datacenter (dc2)
1. Create Server TLS and Service Mesh Cert Policies

  ```shell-session
  $ vault policy write consul-cert-dc2 - <<EOF
  path "pki/issue/consul-cert-dc2"
  {
    capabilities = ["create","update"]
  }
  EOF
  ```

  ```shell-session
  $ vault policy write connect-ca-dc2 - <<EOF
  path "/sys/mounts" {
    capabilities = [ "read" ]
  }
  path "/sys/mounts/connect_root" {
    capabilities = [ "create", "read", "update", "delete", "list" ]
  }
  path "/sys/mounts/dc2/connect_inter" {
    capabilities = [ "create", "read", "update", "delete", "list" ]
  }
  path "/connect_root/*" {
    capabilities = [ "create", "read", "update", "delete", "list" ]
  }
  path "/dc2/connect_inter/*" {
    capabilities = [ "create", "read", "update", "delete", "list" ]
  }
  EOF
  ```

1. Create Vault Kubernetes auth roles that link the policy to each Consul on Kubernetes service account that requires access.  For each auth method in Vault, you will need roles for:

    * Consul server
    * Consul client
    * `server-acl-init` job

>     * Role for Consul server CA

Author: How is [this](https://github.com/hashicorp/consul/pull/12802/commits/20b3d2376e6fba724af1654daba888912fabce9f)?

            policies="gossip" \
            ttl=24h
    ```

    ```shell-session
    $ vault write auth/kubernetes-dc2/role/server-acl-init \
            bound_service_account_names=consul-server-acl-init \
            bound_service_account_namespaces="default" \
            policies="replication-token" \
            ttl=24h
    ```

    ```shell-session
    $ vault write auth/kubernetes-dc2/role/consul-ca \
            bound_service_account_names="*" \
            bound_service_account_namespaces="default" \
            policies=ca-policy \
            ttl=1h
    ```

1. Create the Server TLS Cert role.

    ```shell-session
    $ vault write pki/roles/consul-cert-dc2 \
      allowed_domains="dc2.consul,consul-server,consul-server.default,consul-server.default.svc" \
      allow_subdomains=true \
      allow_bare_domains=true \
      allow_localhost=true \
      generate_lease=true \
      max_ttl="720h"
    ```

1. Configure the Vault Kubernetes auth role in the Consul on Kubernetes helm chart. For secondary datacenter (dc2), you will need to get the address of the mesh gateway from the **primary datacenter (dc1)** cluster.  

>     Change your Kubernetes current context to target dc1 and set the `MESH_GW_HOST` environment variable that you will use in the Consul Helm chart for secondary datacenter (dc2).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Change your current Kubernetes context to target dc1 and set the `MESH_GW_HOST` environment variable that you will use in the Consul Helm chart for secondary datacenter (dc2).
```

    ```shell-session
    $ kubectl config use-context <context for dc1>
    ```

>     Now, get the mesh gateway address:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Next, get mesh gateway address:
```

    <Tabs>
      <Tab heading="EKS">

      ```shell-session

>       export MESH_GW_HOST=$(kubectl get svc consul-mesh-gateway -o jsonpath='{.status.loadBalancer.ingress[0].hostname}')

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      $ export MESH_GW_HOST=$(kubectl get svc consul-mesh-gateway --output jsonpath='{.status.loadBalancer.ingress[0].hostname}')
```

      ```

      </Tab>

      <Tab heading="GKE">

      ```shell-session

>       export MESH_GW_HOST=$(kubectl get svc consul-mesh-gateway -o jsonpath='{.status.loadBalancer.ingress[0].ip}')

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      $ export MESH_GW_HOST=$(kubectl get svc consul-mesh-gateway --output jsonpath='{.status.loadBalancer.ingress[0].ip}')
```

      ```

      </Tab>

      <Tab heading="AKS">

      ```shell-session

>       export MESH_GW_HOST=$(kubectl get svc consul-mesh-gateway -o jsonpath='{.status.loadBalancer.ingress[0].ip}')

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      $ export MESH_GW_HOST=$(kubectl get svc consul-mesh-gateway --output jsonpath='{.status.loadBalancer.ingress[0].ip}')
```

      ```

      </Tab>
    </Tabs>

1. Configure and install Consul in the secondary datacenter (dc2).
    
    -> Note To configure Vault as the Connect CA in secondary datacenters, you need to make sure that the Root CA path is the same, but the intermediate is different for each datacenter. In the `connectCA` Helm configuration for a secondary datacenter, you can specify a `intermediatePKIPath` that is, for example, prefixed with the datacenter for which this configuration is intended (e.g. `dc2/connect-intermediate`).

    <CodeBlockConfig filename="consul-dc2.yaml" linenumbers highlight="5,6,7,8,9,10,11,12,13,14,15,16,20,21,22,23,24,25,26,27,30,31,32,33,34,35,38,39">

    ```yaml

>     # consul-dc2.yaml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

            authMethodPath: kubernetes-dc2
      tls:
        enabled: true
        enableAutoEncrypt: true
        caCert:
          secretName: "pki/cert/ca"
      federation:
        enabled: true
        primaryDatacenter: dc1
        k8sAuthMethodHost: ${KUBE_API_URL_DC2}
        primaryGateways:
        - ${MESH_GW_HOST}:443
      acls:
        manageSystemACLs: true
        replicationToken:
          secretName: consul/data/secret/replication
          secretKey: token
      gossipEncryption:
        secretName: consul/data/secret/gossip
        secretKey: key
    server:
      replicas: 1
      serverCert:
        secretName: "pki/issue/consul-cert-dc2"
    connectInject:
      replicas: 1
      enabled: true
    controller:
      enabled: true
    meshGateway:
      enabled: true
      replicas: 1
    ```

    </CodeBlockConfig>

    Change your Kubernetes current context to target the secondary datacenter (dc2):

    ```shell-session
    $ kubectl config use-context <context for dc2>
    ```

    Now, use the above values files for you helm install:

    ```shell-session
    $ helm install consul-dc2 -f consul-dc2.yaml hashicorp/consul
    ```

> ## Next steps

Reviewer: Is there a quick validation step we can do? How can the practitioner feel confident they set this up correctly?

Author: How is [this change](https://github.com/hashicorp/consul/pull/12802/commits/cc0c0c00dfcf0b4ffb183ba5c6fc549711237aa8)?  This is as far as we have taken this process.  We have not run any examples deploying hashicups or anything like that.  That might be more appropriate for a learn guide?

Reviewer: It's better but still not ideal. But I understand the situation as no services are applied.

Reviewer 2: I have demo showing this and to validate everything, I have run this command to confirm that WAN Fed is up and running:
`kubectl exec consul-server-0 --context=dc1 -- consul members -wan -ca-file /vault/secrets/serverca.crt`
Maybe that helps conclude that WAN fed was setup correctly?

Reviewer 2: This is likely beyond the scope, but what I also do in my demo is look and compare the certs and ACL tokens stored in Vault and the certs/tokens used by the Consul servers. If they match, the confirms Consul is using correct certs generated by Vault.
